
LEGEND:
游 - Paused
游릭 - Done
游댮 - Pending
游리 - In progress


游꿢 GOAL: send tradingview chart images (with sl/tp lines of a specific entry on a specific chart) to twitter


游뱂 HOW DO WE DO IT:

in order to post the screenshot, 

1. 游릭 recieve signals from the screener. it will tell whether there are buy/sell signals and on what chart and timeframe.
   1. 游릭 get the data thru alerts on tradingview. scrape the tradingview chart for the alert. get the data from the alert
   2. 游릭 make sure that in pinescript, the alert is only showing those entries which have just closed or just opened. Also, remove the table, its just eating up space. check if the alerts are showing the correct information.
   (so that we can know which charts to open)
   3. 游릭 double check whether its giving correct info in the alert

   OR 

   in python, keep track of what trades just opened and what trades just closed


2. 游릭 get the entry data in the alert
   游릭 structure the code and the modules correctly (add the code for the open_tv file)
   游릭 go to the chart and the timeframe which has that new entry 
      游릭 remove the screener on the chart only once & make the chart position look nice
      游릭 add a new indicator to the chart only once (the one which will draw tp/sl lines)
      游릭 go to the new symbol and timeframe (optimize the change tf method so that it only changes if the current timeframe is different than the wanted timeframe)
   游 get the exit data too and go to the chart. we're not getting the closed sell/closed buy part of the alert. fix this in the read_alert function

3. 游 for an exit, show that that price is touching the tp in the green part
      游릭 make an indicator which will draw the long/short position on the chart given the price & time inputs

4. 游릭 take a snapshot of it and post to twitter (try to use the tweepy library)
   游릭 get the entry, sl, entry price data from the alert
   游릭 when on that entry's chart, enter the entry price, sl & tp into the indicator
   after that, take a snapshot
      游릭 get the entry, sl, entry price data from the alert
      游릭 double click on indicator and enter the tp,sl and entry. asked question on stack overflow & discord:
         https://stackoverflow.com/questions/76727291/double-clicking-an-element-with-selenim-in-python-isnt-working
      游릭 make sure the tp, sl & entry are correct when inputting them in the settings
      游릭 after going to every chart, make sure that the last long/short position has been removed so that when we draw a new one, the last one won't show
      游릭 draw tp, sl, entry labels with their price
      游릭 when inputting the sl, entry & tp, also input the type of entry i.e. Buy or Sell. do this in pytohn and pinescript
      游릭 update script changes to drive
      游릭 once we have changed the indicator settings, call a method to get the link of the chart. then call the twitter class. pass in the text (Buy in EURUSD at 1.0932) with link of the chart.
         游 posted question on stack overflow about this processing error: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/76737555/processing-error-while-using-selenium-in-python
         
5. 游리 store that snapshot and other info in a database
      游릭 get the url from the newly opened tab. wait for the page to fully load by checking the img element is present. then take the url and close the tab
      游릭 make sure it gets the url of the chart for all the messges in the alert and doesn't stop after the 1st one
      游릭 learn how to debug
      游리 stress test the number of pairs and tabs (optimize the pinescript script if possible... ask people how i can improve it)
      游 test the db out by printing the last row of the db. get the row which is the latest
      游릭 change the premium screener source code to remove the lines and update on drive

6. 游댮 finishing touches
      游댮 make sure it can send tweets on behalf of other accounts. have a developer portal with those sccounts. create new keys & secrets.

      游댮 after changing the indicator settings in the read_alert method in get_alert_data.py, make sure the chart fully loads with the new indicator settings before it takes a screenshot. so that when it takes a screenshot, the screenshot has the updated symbol, tf & indicator settings

      游댮 optimize 
            try to login to tradingview without having to sign in. make sure it automatically logs in (use cookies)
            https://stackoverflow.com/questions/45417335/python-use-cookie-to-login-with-selenium

      游댮 structure the code

      游댮 add documentation:

